[DOC] Add tutotrial about improving accuracy of quantization with oneDNN (#21127)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/python_docs/python/tutorials/performance/backend/dnnl/dnnl_quantization_inc.md

    for i, batch in enumerate(data):
        if i * batch_size >= eval_samples:
            break
        x = batch.data[0].as_in_context(mx.cpu())
        label = batch.label[0].as_in_context(mx.cpu())
        outputs = model.forward(x)
        metric.update(label, outputs)
    return metric.get()[1]
```

4. Run Intel® Neural Compressor:

```python
from neural_compressor.experimental import Quantization
quantizer = Quantization("./cnn.yaml")
quantizer.model = resnet18
quantizer.calib_dataloader = data
quantizer.eval_func = eval_func
qnet = quantizer.fit().model
```

Since this model already achieves good accuracy using native quantization (less than 1% accuracy drop), for the given configuration file, INC will end on the first configuration, quantizing all layers using `naive` calibration mode for each. To see the true potential of INC, we need a model which suffers from a larger accuracy drop after quantization.

### Quantizing ResNet50v2

This example shows how to use INC to quantize ResNet50 v2. In this case, the native MXNet quantization introduce a huge accuracy drop (70% using `naive` calibration mode) and INC allows automatically find better solution.

> This is the (TODO link to INC configuration file) for this example: 

Author: I have to remove links as linkcheck doesn't allow put links to just added files

    dataset.transform_first(transformer, lazy=False), batch_size, shuffle=False)
val_data.batch_size = batch_size

net = resnet50_v2(pretrained=True)

def eval_func(model):
  metric = mx.gluon.metric.Accuracy()
  for x, label in val_data:
    output = model(x)
    metric.update(label, output)
  accuracy = metric.get()[1]
  return accuracy

from neural_compressor.experimental import Quantization
quantizer = Quantization("resnet50v2_mse.yaml")
quantizer.model = net
quantizer.calib_dataloader = val_data
quantizer.eval_func = eval_func
qnet_inc = quantizer.fit().model
print("INC finished")
# You can save optimized model for the later use:
qnet_inc.export("__quantized_with_inc")
# You can see what configurations was applied aby INC and which nodes was excluded from quantization
# to achieve given accuracy lost against floating point calculation
print(quantizer.strategy.best_qmodel.q_config['quant_cfg'])
```

#### Results:
Resnet50 v2 model could be prepared to achieve better performance with various calibration and tuning methods.  
It is done by 
(TODO link to resnet_tuning.py) 
script on a small part of data set to reduce time required for tuning (9 batches). 

> Later saved model are validated on a whole data set by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Later saved model is validated on a whole data set by 
```
OR
```suggestion
Later saved models are validated on a whole data set by 
```

> (TODO link to resnet_measurment.py)

Reviewer: TODO?

|----------------------|-------:|-------:|-----:|-----:|-------:|--------:|-----:|
| fp32 no optimization | 0.7699 | 0.9340 |  0.0 |  0.0 |   0.00 | 1448.69 |  1.0 |
| fp32 fused           | 0.7699 | 0.9340 | 99.9 | 99.5 |   0.03 |  149.45 |  9.7 |
| int8 full naive      | 0.2207 | 0.3912 | 71.3 | 58.1 |  12.74 |   46.28 | 31.3 |
| int8 full entropy    | 0.6933 | 0.8917 |  9.9 |  4.5 |  81.50 |   47.07 | 30.8 |
| int8 smart naive     | 0.2210 | 0.3905 | 71.3 | 58.2 |  12.55 |   46.56 | 31.1 |
| int8 smart entropy   | 0.6928 | 0.8910 | 10.0 |  4.6 |  80.89 |   46.58 | 31.1 |
| int8 INC basic       | 0.7692 | 0.9331 |  0.1 |  0.1 | 526.47 |   48.68 | 29.8 |
| int8 INC mse         | 0.7692 | 0.9337 |  **0.1** |  **0.0** | 227.89 |   50.19 | **28.9** |

Environment:  
- Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8375C CPU @ 2.90GHz (c6i.16xlarge Amazon EC2 instance)  
- Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS (GNU/Linux Ubuntu 20.04.4 LTS 5.15.0-1017-aws ami-0558cee5b20db1f9c)  
- MXNet 2.0.0b20220823 (commit daac02c7854ffa71bc11fd950c2d6c9ea356b394 ) 
- INC 1.13.1  
- scripts above were run as parameter for [run.sh](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/blob/master/benchmark/python/dnnl/run.sh) 

> script to properly setup parallel computation parameters  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
script to properly setup parallel computation parameters.  
```

For this model INC basic and mse strategies found configurations meeting the 1.5% relative accuracy 
loss criterion. Only the `bayesian` strategy didn't find solution within 500 attempts limit. 
Although these results may suggest that the `mse` strategy is the best compromise between time spent
to find the optimized model and final model performance efficiency, different strategies may give 

> better results for specific models and tasks. You can notice that most imported thing done by INC 
> is to find operator which mostly influence loss of accuracy and disable it from quantization if needed. 
> You can see below which operator was excluded by `mse` strategy in last print given by 
> (TODO link to resnet_mse.py)

Reviewer: TODO?
```suggestion
better results for specific models and tasks. You can notice, that the most important thing done by INC
was to find the operator, which had the most significant impact on the loss of accuracy and disable it from quantization if needed. 
You can see below which operator was excluded by `mse` strategy in last print given by 
(TODO link to resnet_mse.py)
```
